README.md, before:

## Makers Academy Week 1 Challenge:

Let's go back several years, to the days when there were no Boris Bikes. Imagine that you're a junior developer (that was easy). Transport for London, the body responsible for delivery of a new bike system, come to you with a plan: a network of docking stations and bikes that anyone can use. They want you to build a program that will emulate all the docking stations, bikes, and infrastructure (repair staff, and so on) required to make their dream a reality.

To help structure your work, here are 22 challenges. They all build on one another. They require you to research things, to get stuck, and to find your own solutions. This is on purpose. A developer is a 'knowledge worker' - someone who will spend the majority of their time researching and learning how to solve problems. It'll suck for a bit, but with practice, you will get faster: and there's no better feeling than finding the answer to a problem that's been standing in your way for hours.

##challenges

1. Setting up a Project - Initiated in git and README.md written
2.

Commit message:

README updated with all challenges listed

README.md, after:

## Makers Academy Week 1 Challenge:

Let's go back several years, to the days when there were no Boris Bikes. Imagine that you're a junior developer (that was easy). Transport for London, the body responsible for delivery of a new bike system, come to you with a plan: a network of docking stations and bikes that anyone can use. They want you to build a program that will emulate all the docking stations, bikes, and infrastructure (repair staff, and so on) required to make their dream a reality.

To help structure your work, here are 22 challenges. They all build on one another. They require you to research things, to get stuck, and to find your own solutions. This is on purpose. A developer is a 'knowledge worker' - someone who will spend the majority of their time researching and learning how to solve problems. It'll suck for a bit, but with practice, you will get faster: and there's no better feeling than finding the answer to a problem that's been standing in your way for hours.

##challenges

1. Setting up a Project
2. Working with User Stories
3. From a Domain Model to a Feature Test
4. Errors are good
5. From Feature Tests to Unit Tests
6. Passing your first Unit Test
7. Back to the feature
8. Back to the unit
9. Building a bike
10. Making Docking Stations get Bikes
11. Using Instance Variables
12. Raising Exceptions
13. Limiting Capacity
14. Using Complex Attributes
15. The Single Responsibility Principle
16. Removing Magic Numbers
17. Initialization Defaults
18. Dealing with Broken Bikes
19. Isolating Tests with Doubles
20. Mocking Behaviour on Doubles
21. Men with Ven
22. Modules as Mixins
